# FEERICKINC, Contributor License Agreement

Thank You for Your interest in contributing to a FEERICKINC open source project. This Contributor License Agreement ("Agreement") is for our mutual benefit, as it establishes each party's rights and obligations with respect to You contributing code to any open source project owned or managed by FEERICKINC. To protect both of us, Your acceptance of this Agreement is required before You contribute any code to an open source project owned or managed by FEERICKINC. By executing (in writing, electronically, or otherwise) this Agreement, You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your present and future Contributions submitted to FEERICKINC. Except for the license granted herein to FEERICKINC and recipients of software distributed by FEERICKINC, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to Your Contributions and may distribute those Contributions to others on different terms.

1. Definitions. "You" (or "Your") means the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with FEERICKINC. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to be a single contributor. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means: (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.
"Contribution" means any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted by You to FEERICKINC for inclusion in, or documentation of, any open source project owned or managed by FEERICKINC (the "Work"). For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to FEERICKINC or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, FEERICKINC for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution."

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to FEERICKINC and to recipients of software distributed by FEERICKINC a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your Contributions and such derivative works, as well as the right to sublicense and have sublicensed all of the foregoing rights, through multiple tiers of sublicensees.
   
3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to FEERICKINC and to recipients of software distributed by FEERICKINC a sublicensable, perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.
   
4. You represent that You are legally entitled to grant the above license. If your employer has rights to intellectual property contained within the Contribution, you represent that you have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to FEERICKINC, or that your employer has executed a separate Contributor License Agreement with FEERICKINC.

5. You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation (see Section 7 for submissions on behalf of others). You represent that Your Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party license or other restrictions (including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which you are personally aware and which are associated with any part of Your Contributions.

6. You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON- INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You may submit it to FEERICKINC separately from any Contribution, identifying the complete details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which you are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]".

8. You agree to notify FEERICKINC of any facts or circumstances of which you become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any respect.


* [] **I Agree**

---

Adding and registering your signature to this agreement is very simply done through the GitHub web interface as follows:

- Open the edit option and just add ```yes``` after - and only after - the **I Agree** field above. 
- (Your Github identity is established later through a signed commit so no further information is required)
- Save the changes and select the option to commit on the non-master branch that Github will select for you.
- Raise a pull request; this will kick off an automated approval process.
